#summary Documentation of configuration primitives.

==_Provider Related_==

*OIDCProviderIssuer*
 OpenID Connect OP issuer identifier

*OIDCProviderAuthorizationEndpoint*
 Define the OpenID OP Authorization Endpoint URL (e.g.: https://localhost:9031/as/authorization.oauth2)

*OIDCProviderTokenEndpoint*
 Define the OpenID OP Token Endpoint URL (e.g.: https://localhost:9031/as/token.oauth2)

*OIDCProviderTokenEndpointAuth*
 Specify an authentication method for the OpenID OP Token Endpoint (e.g.: client_auth_basic)

*OIDCProviderUserInfoEndpoint*
 Define the OpenID OP UserInfo Endpoint URL (e.g.: https://localhost:9031/idp/userinfo.openid)

*OIDCProviderJwksUri*
 Define the OpenID OP JWKS URL (e.g.: https://macbook:9031/pf/JWKS)

==_Client Related_==

*OIDCSSLValidateServer*
 Require validation of the OpenID Connect OP SSL server certificate for successful authentication (On or Off)

*OIDCClientName*
 Define the (client_name) name that the client uses for dynamic registration to the OP.

*OIDCClientContact*
 Define the contact that the client registers in dynamic registration with the OP.

*OIDCScope*
 Define the OpenID Connect scope that is requested from the OP.

*OIDCClientID*
 Client identifier used in calls to OpenID Connect OP.

*OIDCClientSecret*
 Client secret used in calls to OpenID Connect OP.

*OIDCResponseType*
 The response type (or OpenID Connect Flow) used; must be one of \"code\", \"id_token\", or \"id_token token\" (serves as default value for discovered OPs too)

==_OAuth 2.0 Related_==

*OIDCOAuthClientID*
 Client identifier used in calls to OAuth 2.0 Authorization server validation calls.

*OIDCOAuthClientSecret*
 Client secret used in calls to OAuth 2.0 Authorization server validation calls.

*OIDCOAuthEndpoint*
 Define the OAuth AS Validation Endpoint URL (e.g.: https://localhost:9031/as/token.oauth2)

*OIDCOAuthEndpointAuth*
 Specify an authentication method for the OAuth AS Validation Endpoint (e.g.: client_auth_basic)

*OIDCOAuthSSLValidateServer*
 Require validation of the OAuth 2.0 AS Validation Endpoint SSL server certificate for successful authentication (On or Off)

==_General Settings_==

*OIDCRedirectURI*
 Define the Redirect URI (e.g.: https://localhost:9031/protected/example/)

*OIDCDiscoverURL*
 Defines an external IDP Discovery page

*OIDCCookieDomain*
 Specify domain element for OIDC session cookie.

*OIDCCryptoPassphrase*
 Passphrase used for AES crypto on cookies and state.

*OIDCClaimDelimiter*
 The delimiter to use when setting multi-valued claims in the HTTP headers.

*OIDCClaimPrefix*
 The prefix to use when setting claims in the HTTP headers.

*OIDCHTTPTimeoutLong*
 Timeout for long duration HTTP calls (default).

*OIDCHTTPTimeoutShort*
 Timeout for short duration HTTP calls (registry/discovery).

*OIDCStateTimeout*
 Time to live in seconds for state parameter (cq. interval in which the authorization request and the corresponding response need to be completed).

*OIDCCacheDir*
 Directory used for file-based caching.

*OIDCMetadataDir*
 Directory that contains provider and client metadata files.

*OIDCScrubRequestHeaders*
 Scrub user name and claim headers from the user's request.

*OIDCAuthNHeader*
 Specify the HTTP header variable to set with the name of the authenticated user. By default no headers are added.

*OIDCCookiePath*
 Define the cookie path for the session cookie.

*OIDCCookie*
 Define the cookie name for the session cookie.

*OIDCSessionType*
 OpenID Connect session storage type (Apache 2.0/2.2 only). Must be one of \"file\" or \"cookie\".